Adding 'llvm.assume' intrinsic and stdlib option. (#2018)
ispc/ispc: docs/ispc.rst

command-line argument.

Compiler Optimization Hints
---------------------------

The ``ispc`` standard library includes a mechanism for adding ``assume()``
statements to ``ispc`` program code. The ``assume()`` function takes a
single uniform boolean expression as an argument. This expression is
assumed to be ``true`` and this information will be used for optimization

> when possible. This feature is currently only available on CPU targets.

Reviewer: Other points to make here:
- code generation should not be affected by `assume()` and not runtime checks are done, the information is used for optimizations only.
- list of examples that should work.

Author: 1. 'code generation should not be affected by assume()' - this might be a confusing statement. Code generation is affected if optimization happens, right? Do you think "code generation should not be aborted by assume and no runtim..." works better?
2. Will add snippets from lit test.

Reviewer: Right, this might be confusing. "The condition used in `assume()` statement will not be code generated and does not imply runtime checks. It will solely be used as optimization hint, if compiler is able to use this information."

Author: Done

            a[2] = 9;
        }
     }
     void foo2(uniform int a[]) {
        assume(a != NULL);
        bar2(a);
     }

The ``assume()`` hint allows the compiler to remove ``a != NULL`` during compile
time in ``bar2()`` thus removing the additional check.

::

    int foo3(uniform int a[], uniform int count) {
        int ret = 0;
        assume(count % programCount == 0);
        foreach (i = 0 ... count) {
            ret += a[i];
        }
        return ret;
    }

The ``assume()`` hint informs the compiler ``count`` is a multiple of
``programCount`` during compile time. This results in removal of remainder
loop usually required for ``foreach``.

::

   typedef float<TARGET_WIDTH> AlignedFloat;
   unmasked void foo4(uniform float Result[], const uniform float Source1[], const uniform unsigned int Iterations)
   {
        assume(((uniform uint64)((void*)Source1) & (32 * TARGET_WIDTH)-1) == 0);
        assume(((uniform uint64)((void*)Result) & (32 * TARGET_WIDTH)-1) == 0);
        uniform AlignedFloat S1;
        S1[programIndex] = Source1[programIndex];
        const uniform AlignedFloat R = S1;
        Result[programIndex] = R[programIndex];
   }

> The ``assume()`` hint informs the compiler that memories used for loading and
> storing are aligned. This results in aligned instructions instead of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``assume()`` hint informs the compiler that memory location used by loads and
stores are aligned. This results in aligned instructions instead of
```

Author: Done!
